Welcome back.
Now, let me show you an example of what a hacker could do to your website using the cross cross scripting
technique.
This technique, they cross-site scripting.
So let me give refresh and suppose that you have a simple application that allows users to search for
something.
So a normal user would search for something.
Here.
Here, let me show you the code.
So this is the goods.
Here.
I'm not connecting to a database or something.
I'm creating a very, very basic script because the process of of of attacking a website using cross-site
scripting is not as simple as is injection.
It's more complicated and requires experience.
And only experienced, experienced hackers could do it.
And it requires a lot of study of your website in order to find how to attack your website.
So here I'm just giving you, I'm assuming, things that had a lot that have already happened to your
website and the hacker would use these things.
So what I'm assuming is that a hacker has already injected something into your database.
This is what I am assuming.
And.
Yea a normal user.
Suppose that I am I am now a normal user and I, I, I headed over to my through this website and I
you just want to search for something.
So here, for example, I'm going to search for something.
I'm going to see that, for example, suppose that this is going to allow me to search for products.
So I'm going to say your hat and then I'm going to click on Find and here it's just going to display
hat.
So this is a very simple script that takes that word and display it displays that word here.
But suppose that a hacker has already injected something into your database.
And now as a user, if I search for that thing, what I'm going to get is that I'm going to get a bad
code that could steal my cookies or could I display something that could steal my password or my email
or any sensitive information.
So the process starts with injecting a code.
So a hacker would inject in JavaScript.
Good.
For example, I'm going to inject here each one.
I'm going to inject here.
It's one.
Each one.
And then I'm going to say hat.
Now if I click on find, guess what?
Hat here will be displayed.
But it's not going to be it's it's not going to be displayed as hat it's going to be displayed as an
email code.
As you can see, it's an email code, which is what we use, what what a hacker could do.
So a hacker could inject the email code.
The hacker could inject the JavaScript guard so the hacker here could pass any JavaScript function.
So a hacker could inject JavaScript could if a hacker could inject if any person could inject into email.
It means that any person could inject JavaScript so he or a hacker could say Script.
And then could you just inject here a script?
Script.
So imagine how detrimental this is to your website.
So a hacker could inject something intimidatory such as a function.
Let's see.
Let's here inject alert function.
I'm going to say alert.
I, for example, let's say blackout.
So I'm going to say blackout.
So if I inject this code, guess what?
If I click on find.
As you can see, the code has been injected into the browser and now is being displayed to me.
And of course, of course, the process, as I told you, is not it doesn't happen this way.
The process is that this good, this code that the that the hacker is going to type will be injected
into your database.
And then once a user comes over, let me show you again this example.
A hacker would inject that code into your database or your website somewhere.
It could be stored in a session or or a cookie or in a in your database.
And then when a user, for example, this user, for example, when this user when this user comes to
your website, when this user comes over to your website and tries to ethically find something or say
or for something, they would get that injected code because because they because the code is, is stored
in the database and will be returned by your database because they searched this user, this poor user
would get not good that would still steal their information or do something bad to their information
because the code has been injected into a database.
So this is just a simple example of what cross-site scripting could do to your website.
This example that I have shown you assumes that the code has already been injected, so they could.
If the code is injected and I'm searching for something and, and the code is injected and I'm searching
for it, it's going to return that code to me.
As you can see, the code will be returned and that could be a JavaScript function that could steal
my information and or could steal my cookie or my email or my password, whatever it is.
So this is very, very one of the worst attacks that could happen to your website.
And I'm going to be showing you how to overcome this problem.